# Outputs Folder

This folder contains both example outputs, and is where outputs from testing and scripts are stored.

## Example Outputs:

The IntelliShield package generates so many outputs that not all of them could be left on the github as examples. Although none of the outputs from calculating tradeoffs are left as examples, the graphical outputs can be seen on the README file.

### Data Analysis Graphs:

Contains the various data analysis graphs produced by the data analysis file. This analysis was done on the 100,000 row sized dataset that was generated by and then used in this project.

### Preprocessed Datasets:

Contains the preprocessed dataset.

### Reduced Dimensionality Datasets:

Contains the various dimensionality reduced datasets. Their combined verisons, and their alternate future topics processing versions.

### Privatized Datasets:

Contains the 6 privatized datasets generated for this project:

<ul>
  <li>Differential Privacy with Laplacian Noise</li>
  <li>Differential Privacy with Laplacian Noise and List Lengthening</li>
  <li>Differential Privacy with Uniform Noise</li>
  <li>Differential Privacy with Uniform Noise and List Lengthening</li>
  <li>Shuffling at 10%</li>
  <li>Complete Shuffling (100% of the rows are shuffled)</li>
</ul>

## Testing Outputs:

These folders are not on github but if the testing files were to be run locally their outputs would be created here.

## Scripts Outputs:

If you run the scripts to follow this work or generate your own outputs the files would be created here.